{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20\par
\par
\par
  Dear Vikram,\par
         Here's  a brief resume of my tenure in AFP.\par
  \par
   1)   Offered job of Special correspondent on Dec 9th, 1986.\par
   2)   Accepted offer and resumed work on   Dec 9th, 1986.\par
   3)   Received addendum on dec 11th 1986, stipulating in my aqppointment letter\par
         that termination rules will adhere to Indian Working Journalists' Act.\par
\par
   4)    Two years later on 16, November 1988 I was wounded in head and chest by shrapnel while\par
          discharging my duty as journalist near Jalalabad in Afghanistan.\par
\par
    5)    Company promised compensation but renaged and paid just my basic surgery bill\par
           of Rs 11,000 and even before the wounds had healed I was sent back to Afghanistan\par
           several times which is supported by details on Passport.\par
            All post-surgery expenses have been borne by me. Huge amount of mail exchanges\par
           , mostly in French, are supportive documents. \par
\par
    6)    Since my apppointment, I have have been receiving wage increments every year without\par
           fail as token of my work and four separate letters of appriciations of my hard work are\par
           with me.\par
\par
\par
   7)      In terms of work. I have covered each and every major event in India i.e.  Babri mosque\par
            demolition/riots,  Rajiv Gandhi assassination, Kargil war, Gujarat and Maharashtra\par
            earthquake. Gujarat riots,  several national elections, plane crashes, Kandahar hijack,\par
            the attack on parliament, epidemics, droughts/floods , nuclear tests, diplomatic issues,\par
            International events, judiciary, business and sports.\par
            In Afghanistan covered events dating 1988 to 1996.\par
            Bangladesh: worked as stand in bureau chief. Visited on several ocassions to covered\par
            national disasters, etc.\par
 \par
    8)     Sri Lanka  and Nepal: ditto.\par
\par
   \par
       I am collecting documents and have in possession a massive piece of paper given by one bureau chief to another in 2000 when AFP Delhi started doing illegal photo clienting and evading tax on income of its expatriate employees.\par
     \par
       I am in the process of collecting a list of such clients including those who pays AFP directly either in Hong Kong or London to avoid local taxes.\par
       \par
}
