{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf270
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\author Jack Fletcher}
{\*\company Barcroft Media}}\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Direct quotes from Hal Keeling:\
\
"I used to smoke a lot of weed and the doctors gave me benzo diazapine to help me come off it. I was on it for three years and then I came off it by myself. Since then other doctors have told me that they should never have given me that because it\'92s not a good replacement for weed and because I\'92m too young. \
\
"I had the accident when I was walking home from Barnstaple hospital, at three or four in the morning. They discharged me after they gave me my medication but it was really late and I had nowhere to go. I walked home and I must have started walking the wrong way. I can\'92t really remember what happened to me. \
\
"I woke up in hospital and they were screwing a metal thing into my skull. I didn\'92t know what was happening and I was in a lot of pain. I could feel the blood running down my face. \
\
"The first person to come and visit me was my gran. Then my dad came. \
\
"My Gran told me that Scarlett had died. I had only just woken up in casualty and she told me that something really bad had a happened I knew that someone had died from the way she said it. \
\
"I cried a lot when she first told me I really love Scarlett we got on really well. I used to hang out with her and her friends. She was a really happy, bubbly person and she was always skipping and singing. She always had a song in her head. \
\
"All of us got on really well with her. She used to run over to the trampoline at West lodge and jump up and down singing then all the kids used to run over there and jump on it with her. \
\
"She would always listen to you. She had a very warm and healing hug. \
\
"I feel like she is watching over me helping me through this. She is the reason that I am alive when I was in intensive care I only had a 20 per cent chance of survival I think she is the reason that I am alive. \
\
"When gran told me that she was dead I suddenly felt like she was in the room with me. \
\
"Silus came to see me and we hugged and said we\'92d be together through all of this. \
\
"I\'92m really pissed off with what the papers have printed today. \
\
"I want to tell everyone how they\'92ve twisted the story. \
\
"I want you to write about what is wrong with the stories that have come out. \
\
"The picture of her caravan was really out of order because it had been left for five months with the door open. \
\
"And they were saying that that was how she lived and it\'92s not it looked disgusting. \
\
"Keiron is supposed to be looking after the place while they\'92ve been away but he\'92s a little shit and he hasn\'92t taken care of it. \
\
"They\'92ve been paying him \'a370 per week to look after it but he hasn\'92t \
\
"That\'92s why I fell out with him. Because they\'92re paying him and he hasn\'92t done anything. \
\
"It\'92s all his dad. It\'92s all Rob.  \
\
"I want to get the focus on Rob, he\'92s the one. He manipulated my mum to go to India without me. He\'92s manipulated her to drink more, he\'92s manipulated her in every way he can. \
\
"Rob is a really bad influence on my mum. \
\
"At one point I wanted to poison him and kill him because I knew what he was doing but mum just didn\'92t she was so absorbed into her new man that she couldn\'92t tell what was going on. \
\
"Rob threatened me and said that if he knows loads of the mafia in India and said he could have me killed if I went over there. \
\
"I am in an awful lot of pain. I am going to go through a lot of withdrawal when I get out of here. I have a support worker to help me with that. \
\
"Mum threw me out because I was always arguing with her about Rob. And we would always fight when I was on a comedown. I used to take a lot of ecstasy and speed. \
Scarlett hated the arguments. I never wanted to upset Scarlett. \
\
"I was homeless for a year than I got a flat in Bideford. My caravan was in a really bad condition because it only cost 30 pounds in the first place. I had a bus pass and just went around all the places that give homeless people food. \
\
"I want to make up with Mum properly but I was quite depressed when I was there. She said she would disown me if I started saying loads of bad things to the press. \
\
"Adam used to hit mum. I would never hit a girl. Mum said she wouldn\'92t have any more boyfriends for a while after Adam but then she for together with Rob. \
\
"Now Scarlett has gone Silus and I will be even closer. \
\
"I want to get the blame for all of this. I don\'92t want everyone to bklame mum. I feel like it\'92s my fault. I hope that Scarlett didn\'92t take any drugs because she knows that I have taken drugs in the past. \
\
"I haven\'92t even had a chance to get over this. I try to think about all the nice things about Scarlett, she was so carefree even when she was on her own. She was a beautiful singer. She was wonderful. \
\
"I used to go and sit in her caravan with her and her friends. \
\
"Scarlett was planning on moving to Harland with all her friends some time after she got back,  so she could be closer to the school and her friends. \
\
"I didn\'92t say goodbye to her properly. We hadn\'92t fallen out but she was blanking me a bit because of all the rows I was having with mum. The rows used to upset Scarlett. \
\
"When I first met Rob he was at the caravan drinking Moet and smoking a big blunt. I had just given up weed at that point so I didn\'92t want him there.  \
\
"I thought that was not what mum needed. Mum had the plan to be really clean and not do any of that stuff. \
\
"Mum has had worse boyfriends in the past, at least Rob never hit her. \
\
"Scarlett did have a good life it\'92s not like the papers say. The caravan site doesn\'92t normally look like that. \
\
"Mum is going to split up with Rob now, he puts a lot of pressure on her. He pressured her to leave for India without me. \
\
"For three months I thought that I was going and I was really pissed off when they said they were going without me. \
\
"Everybody that knows mum says she changed for the worse after she met Rob. She met him when she went in to buy seeds from Rob\'92s weed shop. \
\
"Rob made most of his money from weed. He did sell a couple of ponies before they left but that wasn\'92t enough."}